README.md, before:

# DanceKunKun 🕺

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun)](https://github.com/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun)](LICENSE)
[![SwiftUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-blue.svg?style=flat&logo=swift&logoColor=white)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](https://www.apple.com/macos)
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13.0+-orange.svg?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white)](https://www.apple.com/macos)

> 🕺 A fun macOS menu bar app featuring a dancing KunKun that grooves to your CPU usage! Built with SwiftUI and love ❤️
> 
> 一个有趣的 macOS 菜单栏应用，会随着 CPU 使用率跳舞的坤坤！使用 SwiftUI 构建 ❤️

[🌍 English](#english) | [🇨🇳 中文](#chinese)

## English

🎵 A fun macOS menu bar app featuring a dancing KunKun that grooves to your CPU usage! 🎶

### ✨ Features

- 🎯 Lives in your menu bar
- 💃 Dancing animation speed changes with CPU usage
- 🖥️ Universal Binary (supports both Apple Silicon and Intel Macs)
- 🌓 Dark mode support
- 🌍 Localization support (Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English)

### 📋 Preview

<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshots/dance.gif" width="200" alt="Dancing Preview">
  <p><em>Dancing with CPU usage</em></p>
</div>

### 📋 Requirements

- 🍎 macOS 13.0 or later
- 💻 Apple Silicon or Intel Mac

### 📥 Installation

#### Option 1: Manual Installation

1. 📦 Download the latest `DanceKunKun.dmg` from [Releases](../../releases)
2. 💿 Open the DMG file
3. 📱 Drag DanceKunKun to your Applications folder
4. 🚀 Launch DanceKunKun from Applications
5. 🎉 Enjoy the dance! 

#### Option 2: Homebrew

```bash
# Add tap
brew tap ygsgdbd/tap
# Install app
brew install --cask dancekunkun
```

### 🛠️ Build from Source

1. ⚙️ Install [Tuist](https://docs.tuist.io/documentation/tuist/installation)
2. 📂 Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DanceKunKun.git
cd DanceKunKun
```

3. 🔨 Generate Xcode project:
```bash
tuist generate
```

4. 🎯 Open the project and build

## Chinese

🎵 一个有趣的 macOS 菜单栏应用，会随着 CPU 使用率跳舞的坤坤！🎶

### ✨ 功能特点

- 🎯 常驻菜单栏
- 💃 舞蹈速度随 CPU 使用率变化
- 🖥️ 通用二进制（同时支持 Apple Silicon 和 Intel Mac）
- 🌓 支持深色模式
- 🌍 支持本地化（简体中文、繁体中文、英文）

### 📋 预览

<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshots/dance.gif" width="200" alt="舞蹈预览">
  <p><em>坤坤随着 CPU 使用率跳舞</em></p>
</div>

### 📋 系统要求

- 🍎 macOS 13.0 或更高版本
- 💻 Apple Silicon 或 Intel Mac

### 📥 安装方法

#### 方式一：手动安装

1. 📦 从 [Releases](../../releases) 页面下载最新的 `DanceKunKun.dmg`
2. 💿 打开 DMG 文件
3. 📱 将 DanceKunKun 拖到应用程序文件夹
4. 🚀 从应用程序文件夹启动 DanceKunKun
5. 🎉 享受舞蹈吧！

#### 方式二：Homebrew

```bash
# 添加 tap
brew tap ygsgdbd/tap
# 安装应用
brew install --cask dancekunkun
```

### 🛠️ 从源码构建

1. ⚙️ 安装 [Tuist](https://docs.tuist.io/documentation/tuist/installation)
2. 📂 克隆仓库：
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DanceKunKun.git
cd DanceKunKun
```

3. 🔨 生成 Xcode 项目：
```bash
tuist generate
```

4. 🎯 打开项目并构建

## License

MIT License ⚖️ 

### 灵感来源

本项目的灵感来源于 RunCat。

### 字体来源

使用的字体来自 [Zhiyin](https://github.com/Kobe972/RunKun)。

Commit message:

Update README.md to include a dedicated inspiration section, acknowledging the influence of RunCat and the contribution of the RunKun font project. This enhances the project's narrative and provides users with additional resources for experiencing the application in the terminal.

README.md, after:

# DanceKunKun 🕺

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun)](https://github.com/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ygsgdbd/DanceKunKun)](LICENSE)
[![SwiftUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-blue.svg?style=flat&logo=swift&logoColor=white)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](https://www.apple.com/macos)
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13.0+-orange.svg?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white)](https://www.apple.com/macos)

> 🕺 A fun macOS menu bar app featuring a dancing KunKun that grooves to your CPU usage! Built with SwiftUI and love ❤️
> 
> 一个有趣的 macOS 菜单栏应用，会随着 CPU 使用率跳舞的坤坤！使用 SwiftUI 构建 ❤️

### 灵感来源

本项目的灵感来源于 RunCat。特别感谢 [RunKun](https://github.com/Kobe972/RunKun) 字体项目的贡献，它为本应用增添了独特的视觉效果。如果你在终端中也想体验唱跳，可以参考这个项目。

This project is inspired by RunCat. Special thanks to the [RunKun](https://github.com/Kobe972/RunKun) font project for its contribution, which adds a unique visual effect to this application. If you want to experience dancing in your terminal, you can refer to this project.

[🌍 English](#english) | [🇨🇳 中文](#chinese)

## English

🎵 A fun macOS menu bar app featuring a dancing KunKun that grooves to your CPU usage! 🎶

### ✨ Features

- 🎯 Lives in your menu bar
- 💃 Dancing animation speed changes with CPU usage
- 🖥️ Universal Binary (supports both Apple Silicon and Intel Macs)
- 🌓 Dark mode support
- 🌍 Localization support (Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English)

### 📋 Preview

<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshots/dance.gif" width="200" alt="Dancing Preview">
  <p><em>Dancing with CPU usage</em></p>
</div>

### 📋 Requirements

- 🍎 macOS 13.0 or later
- 💻 Apple Silicon or Intel Mac

### 📥 Installation

#### Option 1: Manual Installation

1. 📦 Download the latest `DanceKunKun.dmg` from [Releases](../../releases)
2. 💿 Open the DMG file
3. 📱 Drag DanceKunKun to your Applications folder
4. 🚀 Launch DanceKunKun from Applications
5. 🎉 Enjoy the dance! 

#### Option 2: Homebrew

```bash
# Add tap
brew tap ygsgdbd/tap
# Install app
brew install --cask dancekunkun
```

### 🛠️ Build from Source

1. ⚙️ Install [Tuist](https://docs.tuist.io/documentation/tuist/installation)
2. 📂 Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DanceKunKun.git
cd DanceKunKun
```

3. 🔨 Generate Xcode project:
```bash
tuist generate
```

4. 🎯 Open the project and build

## Chinese

🎵 一个有趣的 macOS 菜单栏应用，会随着 CPU 使用率跳舞的坤坤！🎶

### ✨ 功能特点

- 🎯 常驻菜单栏
- 💃 舞蹈速度随 CPU 使用率变化
- 🖥️ 通用二进制（同时支持 Apple Silicon 和 Intel Mac）
- 🌓 支持深色模式
- 🌍 支持本地化（简体中文、繁体中文、英文）

### 📋 预览

<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshots/dance.gif" width="200" alt="舞蹈预览">
  <p><em>坤坤随着 CPU 使用率跳舞</em></p>
</div>

### 📋 系统要求

- 🍎 macOS 13.0 或更高版本
- 💻 Apple Silicon 或 Intel Mac

### 📥 安装方法

#### 方式一：手动安装

1. 📦 从 [Releases](../../releases) 页面下载最新的 `DanceKunKun.dmg`
2. 💿 打开 DMG 文件
3. 📱 将 DanceKunKun 拖到应用程序文件夹
4. 🚀 从应用程序文件夹启动 DanceKunKun
5. 🎉 享受舞蹈吧！

#### 方式二：Homebrew

```bash
# 添加 tap
brew tap ygsgdbd/tap
# 安装应用
brew install --cask dancekunkun
```

### 🛠️ 从源码构建

1. ⚙️ 安装 [Tuist](https://docs.tuist.io/documentation/tuist/installation)
2. 📂 克隆仓库：
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DanceKunKun.git
cd DanceKunKun
```

3. 🔨 生成 Xcode 项目：
```bash
tuist generate
```

4. 🎯 打开项目并构建
